[Music]
Hi I'm having a mess with the greetings
with the 6 channels that I have by the
way in case you are not subscribed to
any of my channels these are all
my channels and I ask you all to please
subscribe to all the channels you
have them on the cover of the main channel
on the cover you have them there all sorted
so that you can subscribe it's what's going on
kids well we have a little jump it's
curious it's funny we're going to laugh
a little it turns out that in tortilla land they
started playing secret Santa I do
n't know if they literally have to
give each other gifts or it's just part of the game
the thing is they're playing
secret Santa since you don't know who
Aura got so that one of them can get a
gift well Aurum's reaction pay
attention I'm not saying it for activity it's been
dramatic like
when you get the letter to
pay the contribution not when it's your turn
at the wedding at the same table as your cousin
the one you don't like
great
why Auron reacts if one of them got
gres now what women stumble the
joke really is that  congresswoman she
packs luck meaning there's a one
in a thousand chance they'll
put you touching all of them using anyone
from any town it's a one in thirty-
five chance there's homework
things of destiny let's see the truth is that
the issue between now neither from Greece and believes
and believes the truth is that the issue between euro
nin and it was quite heated
lately it's quite intense I
want to think that these shoulders are more of the
game and that it doesn't go beyond the screen but they
seem a little upset in the
relationship than another who is not at the
ambassador point of their relationship let's
leave it there is that as you already know gres
every time a series comes on he doesn't stop
messing things up and being a pain in the ass and he
always maintains his role we have already made some
videos on my main channel and on my
secondary channel watching some of these
pain in the ass and there are things that
are jokes and you can have a
laugh but there are things that really get on your
nerves the truth is that the blame for the
start of the fight between these two is not on
others who ibai or rather for
being watching the bastard in the envelope why are we
going to fool ourselves was now the one who
started the heavy joke  it turns out
that at a certain point a few days ago
one could not think of anything else to do but
bury and when I say bury it is
literally burying Ibai's house in
his house in his little town, you little [ __ ] in
tortilla alandia here is the moment
when he finds it and sons of a
[ __ ] it's to my house look shovel in case it
were another one they are mica substitutes turtles
sons of a [ __ ] what sons of a
[ __ ] without desire is my house
just see here the confusion and the issue
that made the controversy explode the [ __ ]
decree is that they placed a photo of
believe the door of the house no then
this gave rise to the fact that it was going and it was thought
that it had been decreed let's see
obviously he is still playing around he
is the one with the joke he is the child of
the joke because when these people do it
because it is very easy to blame him it
is not that big a deal this joke is not
even illegal because
literally land or rather only 10
minutes or 20 minutes they start to dig
a little with the shovel that if you keep
land thank you because he wants to create
an island for you a few days after this serious
and  Ibai coincided and had time
to chat so they came to the
conclusion that the joke was going to go to
Ibai's house that it came from my
jerk that it came from Auro's side
so I was going and I wanted to return the
troll and of course he signed up
now I really need us to work
fast because this is the final part I
mean this is the final part and we have to
do it really well it's being a [ __ ]
this one left it to me in the handsome let's
see the fax to the lake or two the blocks
above and they will fall and we will have the completed fish tank
in reality it wasn't that much of a
[ __ ] now I explained okay well look
officially I remove these crystals from
here
the work is finished
a fountain but I'm getting depressed man
if you put the photo
in shape there must be in reality this
wasn't that much of a [ __ ] that one didn't
happen either call the head the most
scandalous of what it seems in reality
the only real water is the one on the roof okay
the ones on the roof and he came back to one you
can't remove in a moment if he comes back
to one place the buckets so that it doesn't fall
down and empty only what
exists  what happens is that this joke is not that
much or even to throw your
hands to your head but this joke
so I work
two problems and it is that as you already know the funk where tigers are a little bit a little bit toxic the most expensive as I call them not the most expensive are quite quite elegant and quite toxic okay to make a lot of noise the first thing that happened is that in the roll
Beijing and Aris realized what they
were planning seriously with Ibai
and in the chat they began to attack him
squeeze the chat telling them how good
that they were getting out of the role I don't know
what move is anti role what a coincidence
how did they find out anti role let them do
the role of believing messing around
on twitter they were also attacking
so now the troll found out
but according to him it is within the troll or
because of the twitter fuss well today I
think that the way to undo said
other lion is known let's see if it can be done
quickly in an optimal way now we will
see now we will find out
we will consider all the hypotheses all
the solutions to see what we can do and
also within the role we will try
find out who did it I remind you that
I now have two sections okay follow
the role and find out who did it and make
those people pay for what they have
done or cancel said role and
immediately go to jail it is in
the tortilla regulations we will try to
find out who did it I remind you that
now I have two options continue the
role and find out who did it and make
those people pay for what they have
done interpreting the role or cancel
said role and immediately go to
jail the time that corresponds to them it
is or rather literally that is not
for bony but to jail one to the other I
do not see it for jail jail I see it as
a bigger pain like for example
another kevin amapola who was it that they
put glass on him but that they are
reinforced those are the two options
right now ok it is in the
tortilla regulations I can follow the role and
try to investigate and of course
obviously whoever did it has to
help me because if not I am not going to
find out you know well those two options
so that people understand it okay I am
going to apply it so that later there are no
misunderstandings okay I have two options
now follow the role and try to find out
who did  been and make them pay for what they've
done with probably
prison or whatever but for that
obviously I need them to
confess or help me find out I
can cancel the role what that means I
can now go in see the role or know
the troll or sorry and say ok it happened to go
around this that they go immediately to
jail then as soon as they connect
those people will go to jail without
detour and without anything I'm going to try to continue
the role okay because I like it damn it I
love doing it I come from gta iv and I
really like doing rolls and they don't give me
any kind of clue or anything I cancel the role
and let them go the time that they have to
prison I am willing to continue the role
for their because I like it and this wants is that it does
not give life to the series these things
but I need help for example
when we did the troll or I was going and I knew
that in casa diva there was already a camera I
think to do and we all did not show our
faces wanting to look at the cameras
and generate a little bit of like that of knowing
little by little of error a little bit of
betrayal they too  in a way they are
going to have to make it easier for me to
find out who it was if they
want a role if they don't tell me and
days go by and I don't find out who the
role is and they will be eaten well if days go by it does
n't cancel their role all this is
really decided by the administration from what I
saw yesterday it is inevitable to see it when you
get a photo every 20 seconds there are
a couple of hours of jail 10 good
there are a couple of hours of jail really
rich almost that's why I say jail that's why of
course I think he thinks it is
more complicated to remove than it
really is and it has to be with the water and we
remove it it does not come back out and remove
one it comes back out but of course in
reality if you see how they did it you
can realize that only by
taking the bucket real buckets of water will they
change those on the roof only
the water was canceled we are going to take dirt
okay because we are going to need no matter what
land the sand the good thing is that the
policy with the torches with this type
of
removing them very easy to let's go to the
infinite water form almost literally you
have the roof of water I understand that
positioning yourself around it not a little wall  land
no whatever it wasn't just the layer of
rivers such the fact more bed more if I don't
hit you for an hour and 17 minutes
on the contrary it
's cool because you will have to think of a
plan damn such as how to remove this cool
but I still think that it seems
disproportionate to me in terms of role it
seems disproportionate to me, that is to say another
thing that I saw him blown up the house
someone had done something very serious I would
understand it I would say play kilos of poker at
this point I don't understand it very well I don't
understand the reason is that I blame you
first I think I blamed him happily the
truth I said that the gods have to
judge I don't remember having blamed and
even if I had done it which I don't
remember does not justify this for filling
a house with dirt a capita one with
some fish on top I see it justified I feel it
my opinion also seems to me
because it is a series that is made to
create roles plots things but
this at this point seems
disproportionate and unjustified that
opens other doors it opens doors so that we
can troll or that we
can do anything without
feeling like me  I don't know anything I know that there were
two signs I think they are
incriminating they will use that someone
has put them up to be able to but well
we will see how the next few days go
which is
the one that
closes and got scared but I think that this
tournament is far above this
problem maybe it will be for later you do
n't know this came out typical of someone
who is pending at home the truth is that
someone who enters your house and kills your
pets this is a disgrace I am going to
continue the role that not having been
born within the game
of your fault for continuing to invite them
knowing that it is always the same but it is that he
does worse personal things outside
the egg I have said it many times I
cannot tell things but there are people in that
group but I think he can rest
easy of the funk where do you think you are because I am
simply going to ignore him I am not going to
do anything in his house nor am I going to do anything I am
not going to continue this role at least with him
with device I know that I would like to create
some pique something I
think there is something else that they do not like each other
that he does not like yet where do you think
I think it is really I do not understand Aura
now she wants to expand the punishments there are
no longer enough hours in the  jail
now bathes you from town 1 and doesn't want to
play with greg nothing happens that he
invited him to the series they don't understand the
message is true that the thunder
the wta is not out simply the
summary was that you shouldn't give him another
laurel if I don't enter you I read in front because a
large part of his chat attacks and leave
part of their fandom do you expect him to have
a guy who tries to sell them some
apple headphones such apple
replicas imitations as if they were from
apple the ads in lives were worth 200
bucks I'll send it to you for ten euros and they
continue to eat his balls you know some
people who applaud like this guy goes through
Andorra on streets that on the 20th to the 30th he
knows it goes 40 and wasteland how he supports them with
the McLaren what d auro today are summarized
easily the ball in my s plays like
when I want I don't understand the
reaction they've had now after
trolling everyone and more with everything they've
done to the poor guy and danced he
's out of town one cried a lot
when it took him 44 minutes 24 minutes it
took him  It took almost two hours,
friend, friend, [ __ ], goodbye, good memory,
I'm clear, this girl's opinion doesn't
count. This girl came here to the chat
who supported perfectly because she was on
the 9th for ass on twitter also for half an
hour and I remember that she was lady I don't know what
and this is this girl when Aro already
caught Greece the other day with
the lies about the Huai River because
she lied, literally what she did was
confirm what I had been saying for
three days but crying, will to be a
victim, as if we had to
thank her for having almost screwed up
the Wine River
and the script because to broadcast such a
decisive fact, yes, yes, you know
that no because obviously many people
would not agree and you would have to be
constantly changing the script or
constantly changing the production, do you understand that she is not going to
say it exactly, very well, I'll be back in
point, exactly, you did not see that, I hope
that with this they stop defending Greece so much, there was
no longer they have been
writing the script for three weeks, how do they
write the script for three weeks, if not
life or that fact that you know that because of that
fact there will be people who
because they did not think  say it they were not going to have to
change the script they were
writing the script without giving him that
information once the script was written
so he wasn't going to tell it but if it is I have
been saying it since day one
that I was not going to tell it to the boys I
am telling it myself because I can
tell it calmly so the point
is that if it is going to be in Taiwan in 2023
because by 2021 times are
constantly changing because of course
the questions people even want to attend
to say that if conchitas putting together the
script of course really gives this
person the other information in I don't know
how much and he tells you [ __ ] man well at least
before I don't want to then it
changes again I don't know how
the issue doesn't make much sense that he wasn't
going to tell it Rivas the deception but he already
caught him I don't know how you are
telling me that you were thinking of telling
people if you have already been writing the script for three weeks
you are writing the script without
knowing if people are going to be cool with you or
not and this girl started being a pain in the ass
here on my twitter saying that you can
write the script perfectly without
knowing  who's going to participate, I mean, even the
Basques, but even that happens to him, dude,
look at what he said now about the
community, leave that series bro, don't worry, I do
n't know if you saw the live show, but literally I
blame you all and he even criticized
your content and accusing your content of
salt, literally a lie, I'm not saying anything, in a
few words I'm sending you to the Belgian but
not in a playful way but in
person, poor Auron wanted to take all the water out but with all the crying he does, the only thing he's done is fill it more, you guys even crybabies, well family, what I understand is that the feeling is like this, my opinion, I've never asked nor have we spoken about anyone in private, but it seems to
me that you
really dislike him, but I don't
understand why they invite him to this series
of zapa that he invites, literally, if you know
how I get down, why do we invite him, he
's a convenient guy, a guy who gave it to him that he does
n't respect the rules, the skirt he
has is super toxic, his internet killed him
and on top of that he farts into the
microphone, what more do you want, stop, let's
say that people also
this one will be a fan
but what
good well nothing let's wait and see what happens
with the little gift he has to give to
Europe let's hope the little gift isn't
let's see if there is a skewer on a
stick at the door of his house because I think
something like that is happening with this
comment don't forget to subscribe
see you it's
okay to be angry I'm not saying no in the
end it's hours invested obviously you
have to care little to start if not what a
shitty game not good
controlled it's a matchmaker I don't give a
[ __ ] about eating it's not that either but keep in
mind that the tournaments we're
doing are quite soft because
quite soft because they're doubles in which
if you invest an hour of your time
in cleaning it up the problem is over think
that on purge day there will be trolls
where they will literally destroy everything you've
done throughout your life
of minecraft I really hope the
crying boats are ready
because if building a fish tank seems
strong to you, you'll see when they break everything on
sunday the 26th it's going to be toxic there will be eight
salt videos on the channel  let me
oliveira the uncle south etcetera
literally 24 videos of salt se or 1
play
-juan guarnizo tells the truth is that
what there is I really hope that you are
prepared because it is time that it
comes
if with this there are people who yes with
this there are people who are like very
poor auron poor and go well passing
friends problems
ah
like that